Time is free, but it’s priceless. You can’t own it, but you can use it. You can’t keep it, but you can spend it. Once you’ve lost it you can never get it back.
The trouble is, you think you have time.
There’s only one thing more precious than our time and that’s who we spend it on.
The greatest gift you can give someone is your time because when you give your time, you are giving a portion of your life that you will never get back.
You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
We all make time for what we feel is important in our lives.
Time is precious. Make sure you spend it with the right people.
Time has a wonderful way of showing us what really matters.
Always make time for things that make you feel happy to be alive.
If you love life, don’t waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
For every minute you are angry, you lose 60 seconds of happiness.
The way we spend our time defines who we are.
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
I refuse to entertain negativity. Life is too big and time is too short to get caught up in empty drama.
Time slips away like grains of sand never to return again.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Be selective with who you invest your time, wasted time is worse than wasted money.
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.
Make time for success every day, no matter what.
Successful people use their time in a wise manner, unlike the mediocre people who squander it away on a daily basis.
The way you spend your time on a daily basis highlights your priorities.
Time management is life management.
Time is money.
If you are too busy to enjoy quality time with your family, then you need to re-evaluate your priorities.
Don’t waste your time with lazy people who have no ambition.
There is always time for success.
Change your 24 hours and you will change your life.
The time to start is now.
Time waits for no one.
The time to act will never be right, make your move before you are ready, and everything will fall into place.
Time is precious.
We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right.